[Music]
everyone's links will be down in the
description below don't come out yet
Jeanne ah
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
so my mom and brother are here John who
did you just see the prison for
Independence Day should have just
started chanting speech
speech speech speech speech we're going
to live on we're going to survive today
we celebrate our Independence Day the
objective is to find and capture Matthew
McConaughey deal general I know she's
waiting to pick up somebody are you my
god oh my gosh oh my gosh let's make a
citizen's arrest or citizen someone has
surprised me and common visited in
Austin Texas for a few days at South by
Southwest if you don't know if you're
new around here I'm from Dallas Texas
originally I do live in New York City
but that means my family's in Dallas TX
and look who has come to me it's the fam
it's 3/4 of the it's two fourths of the
fan to fourth
yeah that's right yeah I can do math
dude this is this is Jini the mother the
rock star of other brothers follow her
on Twitter
she's the the me
she is the mom this is John this is my
other John I have two special John's in
my life now we are going to brunch my
favorite meal of the day
brunch
it's a rainy day I think we have found a
cafe we are so ready for coffee it's sad
how dependent I have become Jeanne is on
coffee don't drink coffee kids John
you're such a man you're so tall
stop growing up how old are you look at
this cute street
South Congress cafe this place just came
out with cornbread muffins and butter
yeah
[Music]
I love
Jason Jason Jason Jason intrusive
[Music]
the wire that Dave and I work together
storage and we both moved on but it's
all good
so we're here
[Applause]
[Music]
all the wall or Omega
we head back to the hotel but it's
raining outside I'm like how am I gonna
get to my hotel without being my and I
met this lovely lady what is your name
Jess Tess and yes I got you
shouts shouts yo'self al it's safety
test I make videos about working in the
music industry in the tents cuz you work
at like for South by Southwest
yes she's hooking it up with a bunch of
chaos
utter chaos everywhere everywhere you
look there's people people there's a
there's a people
Kasey's talk was fantastic and I'm
hungry I haven't had food since our
lovely brunch so I'm hanging back with
the fam end in don't really have a game
plan for tonight I might spend some time
with these lovely human beings there is
always something crazy going on during
the night at South by Southwest I might
get myself a car to go I am still so
fascinated my car to goes a little salty
that it's raining because rain means no
droning no booster Borden and no
leisurely walking around the lovely
streets that are Austin Texas I don't
stop the people though what where are we
gonna go get ice cream Amy Amy Amy Amy
Amy
[Music]
[Applause]
baby
stroll off
[Music]
I just said Amy Amy
all right let's go to Amy's ice-cream
kind of incredible perfect way to end
the night and at 7:00 for canceled today
is actually a stunning day in Austin the
weather actually cleared up I have been
exploring University of Texas at Austin
for like the past hour it's kind of a
beautiful campus that no one is there
because of spring break
[Music]
crazy crazy week ahead got some more
stuff by blogs coming at your face so
yeah thanks for watching let me know if
you like this have that subscribe button
down below if you're new around here
join the kichu fan them in until next
time stay peachy okay
[Music]
you